Adds nophase linter (#5)
JoelSpeed/kal: docs/new-linter.md

Create a `testdata` directory in the linter package and create a structure underneath.
Individual test files must be placed under `src` and then a subdirectory for each package.

> If your linter has different configurations, eg options to pass to the linter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your linter has different configurations, e.g. options to pass to the linter
```
